Fix documentation for Api to APIRule migration (#8242)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/migration-guides/1.11-1.12.md

Migration from Api to APIRule custom resources (CRs) is performed automatically by a job that runs during the Kyma upgrade. During this process, the [API Gateway Migrator tool](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/components/api-gateway-migrator/README.md#api-gateway-migrator) translates the existing Api CRs to APIRule CRs and deletes the original resources.

> Before proceeding with the migration check if all Apis have a status. Fetch all the Apis without the status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting the migration process, ensure that all Api resources have a status. To do so, fetch all Apis without the status:
```

```shell script
kubectl get apis --all-namespaces -o json | jq '.items | .[] | select(.status == null)'
```

> Receiving no results means that you can perform the upgrade. If, however, you can see any Api in the output, recreate each Api with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receiving no results means that you can perform the upgrade. If, however, you can see any Api resources in the output, recreate each Api using this script:
```

```shell script
# set variables
export API_NAME={INSERT_API_NAME_HERE}
export API_NAMESPACE={INSERT_API_NAMESPACE_HERE}
# create temporary file
export TMP_FILE=$(mktemp)
# save Api to temporary file
kubectl get api -n ${API_NAMESPACE} ${API_NAME} > ${TMP_FILE}
# remove Api
kubectl delete api -n ${API_NAMESPACE} ${API_NAME}
# remove dependent resources
kubectl delete virtualservice -n ${API_NAMESPACE} ${API_NAME}
kubectl delete policy -n ${API_NAMESPACE} ${API_NAME} --ignore-not-found
# recreate Api from saved file
kubectl apply -f ${TMP_FILE}
```

> After the Apis are recreated check again if all of them have a status. The result should be empty. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Apis are recreated check again if all of them have a status. The output should not include any Api resources.
```
